Now you can certainly feel free to choose whatever underlying backend infrastructure will be serving the web app. It would be sufficient here as far as I can say to let this very macOS host run the actual app. And any credentials currently blessed into the current system can be leveraged transparently. Note that this very system we are running on is already a constrained virtual machine, so we can work under the assumption that we have an overall constrained system. Remember, we are using this as a demo in a MVP. So we ourselves will be the ones interfacing with this and using it. I will be forwarding the port for the web app but it may only be forwarded to a local system anyway.

Let us also begin proposing options for a live interactive voice interface. What options do we have here? Surely there must be APIs that one can use that will interface with an AI system. Though claude-flow is a little bit different. Basically I want to use my Claude account. And claude-flow wherever possible. However, realtime interaction may impose certain constraints. Begin to craft some ideas and put your options within a file within the git repository called VOICE_ARCHITECTURE.md so I can look into those proposed ideas.

One of the main use cases is to essentially be able to chat with our own data and run arbitrary code on it and also to render the output of computations into the UI stream or an output visual image. Let us ensure we are progressing to this.

Make sure also that I can run this web app at the ports you are suggesting and that the app will automatically have access to my Claude credentials and use that transparently. This should easily be a superset of a basic LLM interface. But coming with the ability to run arbitrary code.

Finally, let us install locally any Python libraries we anticipate needing. Like a modern version of a pip3 install. But perhaps done through Homebrew first and foremost and then looking to some successor like pipx. Simply assume the user would do certain calculations.
